# CS-470
CS 470 Final Reflection
During the duration of this course I have retained so much knowledge that has broadened my spectrum of useful things I need to succeed in the future! Knowing how all of the knowledge I have gained so far really comes full circle in full stack development it helps to open up possibilities in future career paths! The skills I really took a lot of knowledge from is serverless storage, frontend and backend, as well as containers and the roles and policies that can be set for users. One other thing I would like to mention is the resources we used in this class such as Docker and aws two great tools that developers should utilize when they need.
	Where my strengths lie within this course is setting the queries  within that serverless api that allows for the series of question and answer outputs. When it comes to using the knowledge from the course I can potentially get into a serverless developer career. There are also careers working directly for AWS as a serverless developer. There is also the running potential to be a software engineer incorporating things like lambada and gateways.
	When it comes to the way that services and the way the world can benefit from this, at least when it comes to microservices and serverless development. I believe that it is a huge step in making development easier. It takes the use of multiple different services to accomplish a goal that allows us to use one thing to get the correct roles and responsibilities, queries and outputs! This is also a s uber cost effective way for a company to get a team together to get work that needs to be done accomplished within budget and on time!
	Predicting the cost boils down to the requirements of the system the more you want the system to do manually the more it will cost. The more you are willing to have the developers do the less it is going to cost. It really only boils down to that.
	Overall the system can really cover a wide array of things needed to be covered and managed. Things like a pay service as well as updating that can not be accomplished through the system when using other things! The knowledge gained from this term is truly beyond what I thought I could gain! I look forward to the experiences it could bring and the expansion of knowledge I have yet to unlock! 
